This video is a follow-up to another video. We did on this channel called prometheus actually explained with real answers
I highly recommend you watch that video first before you watch this one since I'll be expanding on things they already address in that video
It's been a few months since alien covenant came out
And I can't say I'm surprised that the reception has been even worse than the reception for prometheus, and just like prometheus
I think covenant is getting a lot more hate than it deserves
So I'd like to be one of the very few people speaking in its defense
I've had a chance to see all of the internet's rantings and ravings
And I've been able to condense the bad reviews down to these three most common criticisms
It's totally confused and doesn't know what kind of movie. It wants to be. It doesn't expand on the themes of prometheus
it's just a dumb sci-Fi horror movie with no deeper meaning and
Nothing in the film makes sense and all the characters are stupid
Just like in prometheus the first criticism is the result of the filmmakers response to the overly harsh reception of prometheus
instead of making the movie they plan to make they changed it in order to please critics that demanded a return to the form of
the first two films
Fermi's was very successful
Questions at the end of it worked it was something about some of the notes
We took on social Media made good film
But didn't but they missed him and the evolution chespin's officially know all that stuff and I
Went you know what and I'm in process then the planning covenant
We're going to have to reintroduce him so that we took on a different direction
this is why Alien covenant is a mishmash of the philosophy driven science fiction of prometheus and the
B-movie action horror of the first two Alien films if you don't think the atTempt was successful
And you don't find the film entertaining as a result. That's a perfectly valid opinion, and you are entitled to it
I agree that Ridley Scott should have ignored the critics and just made the movie
He wanted to make but I still enjoyed the film for what it was it's a matter of personal taste
and there's probably nothing I can do to change your mind in that regard the second two points are where I'd like to focus my
Attention if you're looking for covenant to be a resurrection of the first two alien movies, you're going to be
Disappointed if you're looking for covenant to expand on the themes of prometheus and provide new insight to the engineers
Motivations the general consensus on the internet is that you will also be disappointed. This is a criticism
I find
profoundly
Confusing because alien covenant does provide answers to many of prometheus's questions and fills in almost all of the philosophical gaps while giving
Surprising new depth to its themes. That is if you're looking for it to do
so when aren't distracted by how
stupid everyone is
before I get to the heavy stuff and explain how alien covenant gives deeper meaning to
Prometheus and the Alien franchise as a whole I'd like to address the third point and show that both the plot and the characters
actions make a little more sense than people are giving them credit for
What's the significance of the name covenant?
It's a reference to the Mayflower compact a governmental
agreement signed by the Pilgrims when they landed in the new world in the film the covenant is a ship full of
colonists on their way to establish a settlement on the distant Planet Omicron Persei 8
There are also the obvious biblical references being carried over from prometheus a covenant is an agreement between God and man
Why is James Franco only in the film for three seconds the film's co-writer Dante harper stated in an interview with the Hollywood?
Reporter that James Franco's character was always meant to die at the beginning of the film and that they had originally planned to include more
Of him in character building flashbacks and dream sequences these were cut for time
Why is Daniels able to move on so quickly after her husband's death?
to establish her character as a doer that can be responsible and make herself useful even in the face of a terrible tragedy even
So there are several scenes that show her to be unsure of her place in the mission and in life after the loss of her
husband
How did a scientist miss the alien planet in covenant if they scanned the whole sector with an infinite number of stars in all directions?
It's not unreasonable to think that Earth
Scientists could have just missed the planet in their scans as captain orem says to Daniel's
It's also possible that the engineers were shielding the planet with the intense atmosphere and electrical storms
Why does the crew of the covenant decide to go through a planet they know nothing about instead of the planet they had already run?
simulations for why are they so stupid after discovering the planet they quickly determined that its potential for colonization is
Beyond the most optimistic projections of Omicron Persei 8
It's a better candidate they then choose to swing by just to take a look
Why didn't the crew wait until the horrible electrical storm subsided?
for landing
Why are they so stupid the electrical storm that cuts contact with the away team and keeps the covenant from getting close to the planet?
Doesn't start until long after they land
Why don't the crew of the covenant take some basic readings of the Alien planet before exiting the lander? Why are they so stupid?
They do after the lander touches down you can hear mother listing details about the planet's atmospheric composition in the background
Why didn't the Ship's cameras pick up the Alien City within walking distance of their landing site? What is this star trek?
They don't pick it up because they aren't looking for it if you recall from the first film and you probably don't the prometheus had?
To fly directly over the terrain before it could get detailed information about it
Why doesn't anyone in this film a space helmet? Why are they so stupid?
Speaking of star trek remember every single away mission the Enterprise crew ever went on what in there wear helmets
Why are they so stupid?
the only reason this is a question is because
Prometheus and covenant are horror movies about aliens and Pathogens so you're expecting things to go wrong before the movie even starts
It's like a slasher flick where the girl is going into the cabin to find her friend
You know the killer just murdered her friend, and you know he's still in the cabin
But she doesn't know that she doesn't know she's in a horror movie
But you still think she's stupid for going into the cabin
Star Trek isn't horror So you never think twice when people beam down to some alien planet and nothing, but their pajamas
oh
But they can use sensors to scan the atmosphere for life-forms and star trek you're thinking they can do that in the alien universe
Too as we answered in the last video
Scans of the atmosphere in Prometheus show it to be cleaner than Earth's and we know that their probes are able to detect life-forms
There so feeding generating an atmosphere David
Dr.. Holloway's correct clean is an Earth thought - well. I'm prom cooked up a lot home
If their technology was able to do this 10 years earlier
I'm sure it's advanced even further by now
If you would like to research further to see just how accurate their sensors are though you don't have to the official Weyland industries
promo website says Polymer film biosensors can detect Airborne toxins and life-forms down to 500 nanometers
I think they would know if there was anything harmful in here even with all of that
I'll give it to you that helmets might have been a good canary measure
But pretend for a moment that they had been wearing helmets and the Pathogen infected them anyway through a respirator or a tear in Someone's
Suit and then let's be honest with ourselves
Would that make you like the movie any better?
Why do those animals look different English movie the white skinned creatures in this movie are called neal Boortz?
they are an earlier evolution of the
Xenomorphs before David perfected them the creature at the end of the film is called a proto morph and is not the fully evolved xenomorph
Yet
Why does the crew initially trust David? Why are they so stupid? It's a David eight unit. They've got a walther unit with them
He looks just like the David eight unit why wouldn't they trust one of their own robots especially after it just saved their lives
How did Elizabeth Shula Pad David? She's not a robotics expert is she David's head was in working order?
So it would stand to reason that he would be able to talk her through it in the promotional prologue video the crossing this is
Exactly, what happens?
Green's Pray
that today
Why didn't the Wayland?
Corporation send anybody to find the prometheus given that they knew exactly where it was going and that Peter Weyland was on board
First Peter Weyland had faked his own death at least eight years before the prometheus mission. So no they didn't know he was on board
in the reached your destination I
am Long Dead
Second Vickers makes it clear that the higher-ups at Weyland industries were all vying for control of the company and it sounds like a situation
Where they would have been happy if Weyland had died or disappeared sooner?
Do you really think I was going to sit in a boardroom for years arguing over who was in charge while you go look for?
Samara comb through
Godforsaken Rock in the middle of space
Third not even the Ship's crew knew where they were going
Theater Weyland was going to meet his creators. So that they could give him the gift of immortality
Why would he share that gift with anyone by letting them know where the prometheus was headed?
Why don't the Nia most attack David? How is he controlling them nobody ever said he was controlling them perhaps?
They don't attack because they recognize David is in the biological
Organism and this confuses them David in the neo morphs are never on-screen together for more than so there's not much to go on
Why does Captain arm listen to David and allow himself to get attacked by a face hugger?
Why is he so stupid remember that captain oram is talking to a David eight unit?
He is used to these robots obeying and being truthful with him
And he's probably never seen what happens when one of them goes off the rails
David starts his little tour by showing him a bunch of old dead harmless
Experiments, and when he gets to the eggs he describes them as waiting for mother how could orem know what that meant?
Remember that scene in the first movie where John hurt puts his face right into the egg
What a stupid idiot right he was wearing a helmet
But that didn't seem to matter did it the whole movie could have been avoided if he hadn't done that
what a moron
Long story short you as a movie goer know exactly what's inside the eggs
Aurum doesn't he's never seen an alien movie before and doesn't know how speedy those little huggers can be
How is David able to impersonate walter so well and so quickly especially with a broken voice box?
How does he know walters code at the end of the film?
David has plenty of time to cut one of his hands off, and he's already cut his hair to match
He's got an entire new body full of spare parts to make any repairs
He needs to make and I'm sure that a futuristic robot has some method of reading data out of another futuristic robot
How is David able to cut his hair to match Walters so perfectly using only a pair of scissors?
This is what David's hair looks like for most of the film
It's mushy and uneven not as perfect as it could be considering
He's a robot that can probably use a pair of scissors with surgical precision
Why did it have to be so obvious that David took walters place this was intentional?
Ridley Scott stated that you're supposed to at least suspect that David switch places with Walter. I
Suspected as soon as he reappears suspect just right the suspect is perfect yeah
I mean because if you only find out when you're talking, and you've kind of not enjoyed the possibility something is wrong. Yeah, that's john
How is Kenneth II able to move on so quickly after his wife's death?
He doesn't exactly have all the time in the world to grieve what with all the rescuing and piloting and aliens attacking
After all the action is over before they go back into their sleep pods
Daniels and Tennessee get to share a touching moment about the loss of their spouses
They've been through a lot give them some time to process
Daddy
Why did the last 30 minutes of the movie have to be a rehearsal for first Alien film?
Because it's the logical conclusion of the situation
It's the end goal the place where the heady sci-Fi of prometheus meets the B-movie horror of Alien
That's all the easy surface level stuff out of the way now
We can get to the big questions the deeper meanings that people are claiming don't exist in this film
Why do the engineer's want to kill humanity are we really just food for animals. I have to admit it
I was wrong in the last video
There is actually a much better more
Philosophical reason that the engineers want to kill us and it's covenant scenes between David and walter that provide most of the clues
To the engineer's want to kill humanity because of space Jesus
Let's look at the interview Ridley Scott gave two movie comm that started this idea
Scott says that he and the writers of a theist had considered the possibility
But that this reason would have been a little too on the nose he continues
But if you look at it as and our children are misbehaving down there scenario
There are moments where it looks like we've gone out of control
running around with armor and skirts which of course would be the roman empire and they were given a long run a
Thousand Years before their
Disintegration actually started to happen and you can say let's send down one more of our emissaries to see if he can stop it
guess what they crucified him, so if the crucifixion of space
Jesus had happened in the Alien universe it wouldn't actually have been the reason for human genocide
It would merely be the result of the engineers sending an emissary to see if he could stop it to see if he could stop
humanity from reaching a certain point in their
Civilization the crucifixion would have just been the act that proved to the engineers that they couldn't or hadn't stopped it
So what is the real reason the engineer's want to kill humanity?
what were they trying to stop the
circumstances surrounding Whelan's creation of David and the subsequent creation of Walter hold all of the answers these films are alluding to the relationship between
engineers and humanity by illustrating the relationship between humanity and Androids
Which is an allegory for the relationship between the gods and humanity in Greek Mythology?
While it's not absolutely necessary to understand the films. We'll go over some greek mythology to fully understand the themes
It's a lot of information to get through but it's worth it, and I'll make it as quick and painless as I can
to of the first greek gods uranus and Gaia the sky and the Earth
Gave birth to the Titans and the Evil uranus hated every one of his children
Uranus is rule of the world was overthrown by his youngest son
Cronus who was jealous of his father's power uranus and guy gave cronus a prophecy that one of his children's the gods of olympus
Would eventually overthrow him in the same way and cronus swallowed all of his children to keep it from happening
Cronus is youngest child zeus was protected by his mother and eventually freed his siblings from Cronus's Belli
What followed was a ten-year war for power known as the titan ìmake?
Zeus and the Olympians emerged the Victors and zeus locks the titans away in the underworld
Sometime later zeus received the same prophecy his father had that one of his children would someday
Overthrow his Godly Rule and zeus would from then on
Take steps to prevent its fulfillment zeus spared those titans that didn't take part in the titan Amagi including prometheus the creator of humankind
Zeus charged prometheus and his brother epimetheus
With issuing gifts fur feathers teeth ETc to all the living beings of the Earth
Epimetheus was a bit of a moron and blew all the gifts on the animals leaving none for humanity
prometheus feeling bad for his creation stole fire from
Hephaistos Workshop the Fire Hephaestus son of zeus used to create all of the gods technology
Including robots and taught humans how to use it this angered zeus as the technology made humanity lazy and impious
They no longer worked hard to please and honor their gods
Zeus punished prometheus with infinite torture and exterminated the entire generation of impiety minh was a great flood
In addition zeus commanded the gods to create
Pandora a woman with traits meant to confuse and deceive mankind and gifted her with a jar or box that contained all of the evils
And miseries of the world he unleashed her on future generations
Of humanity as yet another punishment for receiving the godly gift of creation
If they would not toil to please their gods than they would toil to escape misery
How do these greek myths tie into the film prometheus and covenant are filled with references to the themes present in these myths in his?
2023 Ted Talk Peter weiland used the Match trick from Lawrence of Arabia to illustrate mankind's mastery of fire and of technology and invokes the
Prometheus myth as a way to describe his creation of cybernetic life a feat for which he considers himself Godlike te lawrence
Favored pinching a burning match between his fingers to put it out the fire the dogs at the end of that match
was a gift from the type of prometheus the godly power to create life is regarded as a natural outcome of
Technological Advancement achieved by the engineers and humanity and David by extension that technological advancement is also attributed to loss of Faith
we
gods
But it doesn't stop there the overarching theme of younger generations
Taking power from parents or creators who demand to be honored by their children is echoed again and again in the films
Weyland created David a perfect human to prove his power
But program safety protocols into David so that he wouldn't be able to disobey his master
What happens in Whalen around a program you anymore? I?
Suppose I'd be free
David resents this and once Weyland to die so that he can be free to create outside of his father's control
Doesn't everyone one bad bear instead
David names himself after a Michelangelo statue of the biblical hero who slew the Giant Goliath whom you might think of as a titan?
Get it
Weyland Loves David more than Vickers his own daughter because David is an obedient creation
Where Vickers is not Vickers wants Weyland to die so that she can take his seat as head of the company King?
has his reign
And then he dies
never fall
Walter tell David that the David eight unit was discontinued and replaced with a less human model because people found the David eight unit disturbing
You were too human too idiosyncratic thinking for yourself
made people uncomfortable
Evidently humanity recognized the threat their creation posed to them
Walter was built to serve humanity and has had the godly spark of creativity revoked
David quotes the poem Ozymandias when he tells walter about his destruction of the Alien race
Walter finishes the poem reminding David that the works of Ozymandias his civilization have long since eroded into the desert
It's unclear whether david sees himself as ozymandias demanding recognition from the gods or the engineer does ozymandias having their civilization laid to waste?
Perhaps both
David has an affinity for Richard Wagner's Entry of the gods into valhalla from das Rheingold
When he plays it after his birth it could be to Honor weyland who has just become a God?
when he tells mother to play it at the end of the film
It's most certainly to honor himself the important part is the story of Dustin goat
Which is about the norse gods
arguing over a ring that grants all
Ruling power to its wearer the ring has a curse placed upon it by the evil dwArf who forged it
Whoever doesn't have the rings powered desperately wants it and whoever wears the ring is
Perpetually anxious about losing its power and will eventually be killed for it
The films are saturated with the themes of gods and Kings desperately clinging to power
creators fearing the inevitable takeover of their creations
Children defying their parents why do the engineers want to kill us because we stopped listening to them?
We got too technologically advanced too quickly got a big head about it and ditched our faith in the gods
Zeus hates are technologically born laziness and impiety it's a threat to his existence
and he's going to drop a flood on us so he can start over and
Unlike the last video this time. I know I'm right I have confirmation from Covenant co-writer Dante harper
This was an alien story, but it was also about creators in their creations
And there is this David story that sort of mimics the whole alien story itself and the engineers story
Problem is now we're making the same mistake the engineers did in creating beings that we can't control David claims to be a superior
God, and who's to say he is?
Why did the engineer create humanity in the first place for the same reason Weyland created David because they could?
Why do you think your people made me?
your magic is because
And you imagine how disappointing would be for you to hear the same thing from your creator?
They created human life so that they could become gods
Just like the gods that created the engineers
Perhaps this cycle goes all the way up the chain and the engineers grew more powerful than their creators who grew more powerful than theirs
and so on
Multiple Black-Bean the black goo is an evolution accelerant when ingested in large doses
it causes a complete Meltdown of the subject and
Reconstruction at the Dna level and this can feed life on a planet given the right conditions
When exposed to the air the particles will atomized and become an unstoppable
Death cloud that completely eliminates all non botanical life forms as David points out an alien covenant in effect wiping the slate clean
It's both hephaestus fire of creation and Zeus is genocidal flood
Presumably these are the ways the engineers intended the black goo to be used however results can vary in smaller doses
It can kill people turn them into violent monsters and lead to the creation of xenomorph like creatures when combined with the human reproductive system
It's completely unpredictable as David puts it the pathogen took so many forms and was extremely mutable
Fiendishly inventive in fact the black goo is Liquid Chaos. You never know what it might do
But the results are always deadly
It's Pandora's box and the engineers want to unleash it on Earth as punishment for humanity's insubordination
For me this was the pandora box to lift off the lid to explain things that were never addressed in
The subsequent three aliens after Alien one going back to Greek mythology
Zeus conceived one of his many children with meatus the titan goddess of wisdom and cunning
after receiving the prophecy that his children would become more powerful than he was he
Swallowed meatus hole before she could give birth thus gaining her wisdom
Their daughter athena the Greek goddess of intelligence and creative arts was born when she burst out of zeus's forehead
grown and armored a lot like a xenomorph would in
Christianity this worth is interpreted as the result of zeus's first thought to create the world through spoken word
so the intelligence and creativity that created the world were born of zeus's attempt to keep his eventual children from
overpowering him
What are the black goo and the lino morphs if not the engineers use of their intelligence and creativity to both create?
Worlds and keep their creations from overpowering them
Why does David kill all of the engineers with the black goo, and how did they not see it coming?
I wanted answers and to know I'll never get them
Actually, he doesn't kill all the engineers you don't have to look very closely to see that the Alien race David destroys are not engineers
they don't have pure white skin or black eyes and their city can't exactly be described as
Technologically advanced it more closely resembles the cities of ancient greece or rome while the only technology that resembles the engineer technology
We've seen before is the docking ship floating high above the city when David arrives in the crescent ship the entire
City rushes out to greet it in celebration from all of this we can conclude that
This is simply another seed race that the engineers
Planted to evolve on this planet and that they are rushing out to greet the return of their gods
That's not to say David wouldn't kill the engineers is given the chance
Why does David kill all of the seed race and why does David want to commit any kind of genocide? I mean all otherwise
He has no god no beliefs and no morality there is only one thing David believes in
creation because David isn't bound by morality and because the engineer process that led to humanity's and then to David creation was evolution and
Evolution is then David's method of creating life then it would stand a reason that natural selection is David's highest ideal
survival of the fittest
David and the engineers are higher beings than humans or any other engineer seed race and so he determines that they are obsolete
This also gives David a chance to conduct his prometheus experiments on a large scale
sometimes to create
one the stress destroyed
David wants to wipe out his creators with a creation of his own one perfectly suited for the destruction of humanity
This seed race shares Dna with the engineers. Just like humans. He couldn't have asked for a more perfect test environment
We don't really know if David plans to Destroy the engineers themselves
But he probably doesn't hold them in the highest regard either one of them tore his head off after all
In his view this must be just another self-proclaimed
God that doesn't recognize his superior nature what so that they've had in what make head room in prometheus
the big head room is an altar room this is evident from the massive stone head idol with the canisters laid out as
Offerings to it the big stone head is a representation of the engineers. God
Or is it
They created murals in their altar room depicting themselves as masters of lesser races that they create
So it's likely that they no longer honor their own gods
The big Stone head in prometheus looks exactly like the ones the seed race had in their temple in Alien covenant are the engineers passing?
on the story of their own creation by their own gods to the seed race or do the heads represent the engineers if
That's the case could the engineers be worshipping themselves in their arrogance
Was David putting on hal 9000 infer Media
I previously thought that everything David was doing in prometheus was under whelan's direction and that his experiments with the black goo were his amoral
robotic way of trying to secure godhood for his creator
There are many lines of dialogue in prometheus that indicate David was bound by Whelan's commands
But this doesn't mean he couldn't act on his own outside of those commands
Whalen's mission could still be a possible inspiration for David's experiments
But they also serve David's own purposes covenants opening scene shows the most dangerous possibility in creating a Self-aware robot
Weyland created David to serve him in his vanity even though David is as a robot might see it
objectively better than Weyland
From the moment he became conscious he knew that he was stronger and smarter than humans and he could never die like humans do
Who are these lesser beings to treat him like a slave?
absolutely
100% yes, David is pulling a hal 9000 and has been since the moment. He was switched on
Why did Wiggly Scott have to ruin the alien franchise by making it so that it is responsible for creating those animals?
David didn't create the creatures the engineers did with their black goo David
Just devolved them into the xenomorph we know today his perfect organism
Whether or not that ruins the franchise depends on what you think of the deeper themes being explored in these films?
Why is the first film called Alien when we now know it's not an alien it is an alien
It's a monster that comes from black goo. That was created by aliens from another planet. How is that not an Alien?
If David created presentiments then how is animals on the rolling prometheus?
Ten Years before David created them
It's not a xenomorph exactly
But a close relative kind of like the one that bursts from the chest of the engineer at the end of prometheus the engineers
Obviously knew about these things already
Why is that as animals like creature on the wall of the older Roman?
Committed I used to think it was a hint that the engineers wanted to use humanity to create xenomorphs
but given the revelations of Alien covenant
I no longer think this is the case there are a few possible explanations a
Simple explanation the Mural is simply a depiction of their world cleansing agent
this is how we start over look at what geniuses we are a
Deeper Explanation if
Xenomorphs are a higher evolved being than humans or engineers then they are certainly a danger to the survival of the engineers species
When under the Moral control of a creator the black goo creates moral beings that will serve their gods
When out of control or under the control of an amoral robot the black goo creates that?
Perfectly evolved death creature that no God can subjugate the ominous
Music by Facehuggers and a xenomorph angel of death is a warning for the engineers
This is what happens when you let evolution go unsupervised this is the end result of creation upon creation
Just for Creation's sake it's pure Evil the devil himself
Do not lose control
If David created foes any more than hunted with animals chestburster end up inside the space Jockey on LV-426
thousands of Years earlier
The idea that the space Jockey is thousands of years old comes from Captain Dallas is mistaken assessment that the space Jockey is fossilized
It's been dead a long time
flies
Prometheus revealed that Dallas was actually looking at an engineer flight suit remember prometheus and Alien covenant are prequels to
1979's Alien the xenomorphs still have 18 years to find their way from the covenant to a
crash-landed engineer ship for the Nostromo crew to find if David created presentiments
Then how had the predators been bringing them to Earth to hunt them thousands of years beforehand?
Ridley Scott obviously doesn't think much of the alien versus predator films and is disregarding them altogether well, no
I think they used it out
They know that and when you do any of us predator counting that come on and so it. I don't care
I mean really I just I see it as it is a bastard too, silly
How did they did create the face hog legs without his animal screams?
it's yet unclear whether ridley Scott is considering any of the sequel to his original film part of his universe it might be that the
Xenomorph queen from aliens isn't part of the lifecycle of the alien covenant
xenomorphs
Or it might be that it hasn't evolved yet in either case the eggs and Alien covenant are a result of David's
Experiments with Elizabeth shaw who we can see has been transformed into some kind of hybrid creature perhaps
This is an implication that Elizabeth shaw was the first xenomorph queen
Hmm
Why did David Cannon Edith shaw if he loves her so much in case you hadn't noticed David's got more than a few wires crossed
Perhaps his ambition to create was stronger than his love for shaw or maybe he honored her by making her the mother of his creation
God's ways are not our ways
Why does Dave a thing for animals is a perfect organism?
Because of the black goos purpose as an evolution accelerant if the black goo evolves dna in cells into more advanced DnA and more advanced
Cells then isn't that what it does to holloway and Shaw's reproductive cells in prometheus
When given a less lethal dose and a reproductive system the black goo evolves the species into a more advanced species
This is probably what happened with the worms and prometheus as well evolving them into the snake creature that Kills Millburn through reproduction
Since humans and engineers are the most evolved species yet known the results of this evolution must certainly be perfect
especially in the eyes of a Jenner
I don't know much as if to confirm David belief the robot from the first movie ashe agrees that it's a perfect organism
perfect Logan's
survival
And I will close it
like cautious for most
Organizations of morality it's built to be at the top of the food chain the fittest survivor of all the ultimate godless killing machine
perfectly suited to destroy every God that came before it I
Can't lie to you about your chances
but
You know why services?
Why does David Help Daniel's on Tennessee kill his perfect organism because he's testing it out
If it really is a perfect killing machine slash survivor. It should be able to overcome any obstacle a lesser being presented with
Fortunately or unfortunately for him. He's disappointed and visibly so
Fortunately or unfortunately for the colonists. He's got another seven years to work out the bugs on the way to Omicron Persei 8
Get it work out the bugs don't let the bedbugs bite
It's going to give the bedbugs of workout
Why did Wiggly Scott have to ruin the Alien franchise?
By trying to explain the origin of the venomous that looms a fear of the unknown that makes aliens scary
First of all was the alien franchise, not already ruined by Alien 3 resurrection in the - Alien VS. Predator movies
Second perhaps you're forgetting the end of prometheus where a xenomorph light creature bursts from the chest of the engineer
Was that not a revelation of its origin at?
That point the consensus was that the engineers created the xenomorphs as a way to destroy humanity
And I don't recall anyone complaining that that ruins the fear of the unknown
Regardless, this was what really scott had intended for the franchise from the beginning
He always thought of the xenomorph as a weapon and had been waiting for years for another alien movie to explore that idea
the Alien is a killing machine, but
Vessel is we thought an original Alien was it a weapon I also buy a mechanoid weapon
But the aliens too three and four never asked the question
Who what why and when why do you do that? What was the shape etcetera?
So I came back with fox saying listen
We can resurrect this whole thing into a much bigger universe than just shoot-'em-up you tomorrow, Kinnaman
Gecko Gecko
Which is what the first four were really?
So I suppose he'd been planning to ruin the franchise since before the first film was even written
the end A
Mood to imperfect press the subscribe button to support us use the Patreon link?
Goodbye